Once upon a time, a baby was born in the year of the rat 1996, guess who is she??
Well, This is me!! When was a childhood day a memory that I never forget because I feel like was tantrums, stubbornness, talkative, and crying. 
We all know that this is part of being a kid. 
I am part of Batang 90's. I miss the old days, playing with a house toy, jack stone, and Chinese garter. 
During my growing up years, my mom called me the "apple of the eye" because I am her only daughter, and I'm living with her up to my college years in Cagayan Valley Province. 
In the year 2010, my mom and dad got separated  I was in First-year high school at that time. 
It's too much pain to have a broken family. Mom and I were both crying that struggle of many things came and are the only ones at home. 
My dad gave me support, and allowances in the school and he is the one responsible father that never neglected me. 
The acceptable and saddest part of my life is that I am different-abled like the hearing impaired and have speech difficulties because of a premature baby will affect me and not fully develop. 
When I was a kid I found out that I can no longer hear even far and near me calling people around me then I was not wearing a hearing aid because I was in the province.
Sometimes I can read their mouths which is lipread. 
I remember the school days I told my teachers to raise their voices while he/she discusses in front of our class so he/she agrees at least 2 times. 
But I'm always in front of him/her like 1-meter distance, it's ok, I'm there in the back I sat down, I couldn't hear much what I did, I asked for help or moved on
in front where I'm comfortable so don't be shy to say because they understand and are patient. 
I was experienced the word "bully" when I'm on campus/school in so many times. 
I studied hard to finish my education from kinder to college. 
It is not a barrier that I have heard, especially speech problems to be a normal person on growing up and in my studies. 
But I persevered to learn and finish school. my parents are separated both of us to loved and guided me to pursue my ambitions. 
The reason I did not give up is because God loves me and I were created to become a blessing to our fellow PWDS. That's all.
